this could be the most important video
you watch all month potentially all year
I am going to discuss not only what's
going on but what will happen how this
will dramatically affect your life in
the coming years you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you
first my name is David Quinter this is
the money GPS and what I do here on this
channel is I break down all of these
falsehoods and bring you the exclusive
truth in today's video we are going to
talk about yes the effects of inflation
Rising prices and so on but not just
sitting there not just watching it
happen but actually taking action to do
your best to try to resolve it to try to
mitigate it and hopefully be better off
at the end of the day this is a very
difficult task you can watch videos you
can skip this one but you are going to
be worse off as a result the information
I will give you today outlin right here
is extremely beneficial some stuff that
I've employed most of it others have
employed and their lives have been
better as a result so let's begin the
first thing we need to do in in any
circumstance the things that we have to
do are to establish a base a foundation
if you read my first book you'd
understand it starts with foundation and
once we get that Foundation we could put
the bricks up on top of that if we don't
have that good foundation you're going
to be in big trouble so I've written
this all down and I want to get to that
right here look in order to thrive
during what's coming first of all what
is coming we can see that there's going
to be higher prices we know that there's
inflation we know that there will be
shortages it's going to be harder and
more difficult to get certain things we
know that there will be these Mega
conglomerates that decide what prices
are what the ingredients are in these
Foods we know that that's how it works
okay more of that
more of that the next thing establish
what is known and what is unknown if you
don't get to that point you can't go on
to the next level you can't get that for
yourself you can't figure well you know
what I think uh something might happen
no you you don't know you got to
understand what is official what is
documented what is known and then we say
what is the unknown and of course these
are both important points
but if we don't establish those two
things we have no argument we have
nothing to stand on and that's why I've
argued with people for a long time I've
been doing this for a long time when you
look at this you know you see the people
who are based on opinion and who are
based on fact next thing know where you
are at what's your situation that's what
I want to get to today you this is all
about
you if you don't understand your
situation well then you know you're
going to be taking the wrong advice I
see this all the time what is the best
investment the best investment is stocks
what is the best investment you go to
the next video the best investment is
real estate you go to the next one you
don't know what to do you don't know
what to do because you're listening to
all these different people who have a
different agenda so first understand
where you are at most people yeah yeah I
get it I get it no no no you don't take
the time write down do you have a
notepad you got to get one this is very
important you have to start writing
these things down taking action on these
things and not just what yeah okay buddy
I get it that's not an action taker The
reason why some people have success and
others don't is because of the level of
action that they take I took action many
many years ago you should do the same
don't just continue to go on and doing
what you were doing before this might be
uncomfortable the information I share
here is stuff that I talk about with my
what I used to call the mentorship class
classes or the live classes that I
conduct these people I can have this
hard conversations with them because I
know that they're going to take action
how much money currently do you have
okay this is the question that you need
to start asking yourself you need to
look at this and and think to
yourself okay well where am I at well I
need to know the money I need to realize
that costs are going to rise and if
costs are going to rise well then I need
to realize that you know I'm already
tight things are going to get even
tighter I'm in big trouble so establish
that understand just write it down on
the paper be honest with yourself do you
uh currently you know basically the
skills that you have do they make enough
money for you for what you're dealing
with now or into the future some people
are already in dep well maybe those
skills are going to be less valuable as
time goes on address that
immediately you know how do you do that
well you upgrade your skills how can you
upgrade your skills I've talked about
this before I have a short here on
YouTube but I've talked about it before
class Central if you want to go have all
these different schools MIT Stanford
everything they give free absolutely
free uh university courses that you can
take online class Central that's one way
to upgrade your skills you can upgrade
them through any you know you could be
an apprentice somewhere you could work
for somebody for free be an intern
somewhere you got to do what you got to
do Now's the Time learn a money-making
skill so that's what I did the skills I
had previously were not reasonable to be
able to achieve what I wanted to achieve
so I learned a new skill I learned
multiple skills actually but in doing so
and I'm still doing that today um you
know I'm able to pursue other things
looking at this the next aspect is where
you live conducive to your goals if
you're you're like yeah I want to live
in a very safe place with a lot of land
and you know be able to you know take
care of my family and this and that oh
but you live in the middle of the city
in an urban environment that is uh crime
ridden probably not where you should be
living based on your goals what are your
goals some people would say the most
important thing is that I have a very
close proximity to where I work I do not
want to do this travel okay if that's
your goal
well then make it so right don't go
against what your goals are because
that's how people become unhappy that's
how they fall into levels of uh when
they feel depressed and all these things
is because they're not going towards
their goals you got to achieve these
things and you will if you take the
action necessary so I've got a few
things four things in fact uh I'm going
to cover these but understand that after
that I'm going to give you the secret
sauce as they call it
okay only for those who stay is your
current economic situation able to
handle another 2020 increase and rise in
prices you probably experienced that
2020 was crazy but I think you better
understand here what you're going to see
is another one of those another one of
those can you deal with that if not be
careful okay if you're Ken Griffin the
guy from Citadel if you are Bezos you're
going to be okay you're going to be just
fine if you're Mark Zuckerberg who just
got himself another $700 million a year
you're going to be fine everybody else H
not so
sure uh what do you do right what are
you going to do well a few things buy
stuff now if you know that's going to be
more expensive later buy that stuff now
have a garden where well I can't I can't
have a garden there are Community
Gardens there are Gardens at church
there are you know ways to grow some
level of food indoors these things can
happen we just got to take action
against it most people say I can't do it
that's not action okay I wouldn't work
with somebody like that in my opinion
buy and bulk you your friends your you
know your neighbors whatever you can be
buying in bulk to save money you could
buy at the food terminals save money
that's bulk buying or you could move
sometimes literally just moving one
location to another reduces your cost
dramatically easier said than done I
understand but these are the suggestions
these are things that you could be doing
that most people don't all right
increase your income again how you going
to do that you can increase your income
in your current job in your current
position you can move within that
position you can move within a different
department in that same company you can
move to a different company but in that
same type of position or you can of
course learn a new skill you got to also
squeeze down your expenses I did this
myself I didn't need to to do this but I
did this myself I squeeze down the
expenses and in doing so are able to
trim the fat where it didn't need to
before because we're moving at the
tighter time so what did I do I trim the
expenses that lowering my bottom line
and what
I uh would need to spend and then try to
increase the Top Line you can't do that
in necessarily in a 95 so much but of
course uh as a business owner uh you
have different um you know abilities in
that in that sense okay next thing um
what do you have that could be an asset
you're thinking well you know what like
stocks and bonds what what are you
talking about no no no what about the
fact that you have something that
somebody wants is that true do you have
something in your house in your
possession that somebody else wants
that's money what are some examples
tools your car turo t o I did a video
about this uh years ago you could
basically be renting out your car or if
you had a second car that would just
kind of sitting there you don't need it
or fre infrequently need it maybe it's
like a truck or something you could be
renting that out uh or you could buy it
specifically for that purpose that's
just one example your tools or websites
where people go there to rent tools uh
you've got you know your clothes if you
have luxury items a lot of people just
you know they want to look good for a
particular party or a job interview you
could be renting that out to people okay
uh your pool you don't think your people
want your pool people make a good amount
of money there are websites that just
for that to rent out their pool to rent
out their backyard uh people make good
cash then they have other things like if
you want snacks if you want to be serve
beverages or something you could do that
and you can actually make money with
that so use it as an asset maybe not
permanently maybe not you know you don't
want to do that but you want to have
some way to increase your income believe
me it can be done don't just sit there
and take it do something about it these
are uncomfortable conversations but I
hope you're appreciate it and if you did
let me know what you did appreciate in
the comments cuz I want to hear from you
directly I got a couple more and then I
will give you the secret at the end okay
must be creative or you will be worse
off those who are not creative in this
time time frame will be worse off that
is a fact will they be destitute not
necessarily but worse off yes okay
they're going to print a heck of a lot
of money Bezos and Zuckerberg are going
to love it and individuals other
individuals will be worse off as a
result traditional ways will not be
enough you need to start thinking out of
the box you need to start getting
creative at this time okay last
thing investing in what the money in
where the money flows if you don't do
that well of course you're going against
the grain you got to go with the trend
that's optimal counter Trend not as
optimal it depends there are sometimes
where you want to be against the trend
it doesn't mean oh you know this is the
hot stock I'm going to go invest in that
no no it means where the trend is follow
the money are they printing a whole
bunch of money well then you want to be
investing in Risk assets are they
draining the money supply by the way
that's fed net liquidity something I
talk about in the Friday live sessions
not not not not what you're thinking fed
net liquidity okay and then uh what is
the government investing in so you got
to understand it by the way just because
government invested in it doesn't mean
that it's a buy but if they going to be
trillions of dollars going into
something it's you know kind of puts the
wind at at the sales if you understand
and what are the Insiders doing um you
can look at this I've got videos about
this as well open insiders being one
resource where you could see where the
Insiders are put in their money are they
selling are they buying where where's
that going of course then you also have
the politicians as well you stayed until
the end and you will get to hear what I
believe is the number one the secret to
success at this time maybe not in 10
years maybe not in 20 years I don't know
but at this time as you're watching this
video here in 2024 you need a scalable
business model that's how you can manage
to still work a 9-to-5 job you see if
your business was shoveling driveways
that's your business on the side you can
do that right you can wake up at 3:00 in
the morning you got a 9: to5 you're
going to wake up at 3:00 in the morning
you're going to shovel 3 4 5 six
driveways you're going to make that
happen then you got to go to work you're
exhausted you're not going to perform as
well at that 9: to 5 you're going to
come home dead tired you got to go to
bed at 8:00 p.m. it's not a very fun
thing a scalable business is one you
start working at and it makes money
while others are sleeping while people
are sleeping at this time
okay you can do that 247 all right um
you know you can look at I mean this is
what I cover on the Sunday live sessions
uh but I've also got the free if you go
to my Amazon course free portion of it
is on YouTube on my playlists I show you
all the time the Sunday class season
$10,000 a month products are not rare
okay not all it it's actually a lot
easier than you would think that that
being said it's not easy but it's a lot
easier than you would think okay um
$10,000 a month okay and if you're
asking well that is that sales is that
profit both of them you could find both
you'll see pro products that make
$30,000 a month in Revenue okay and
judging by let's say a 30% profit margin
you do the math it's good
money uh no job allows you to build
something something on the side at this
level while you're working full-time
okay you just can't yes you can make
money anyway you you can and I think
people should do it in any way they can
but in this right here a scalable
business so what am I talking about with
scalable business models that could be
Amazon that could be um Walmart selling
I do both of those um you know it could
be Tik Tok shop is new newer thing it
could be on Etsy it could be on all the
all these different platforms why
because you do the work you find the
product you do the thing that you need
to do you send your products over there
and then they take care of it okay
there's more to it than that of course
but in doing that they're doing the work
247 not you that's how we mitigate
inflation with a scalable business model
I talk about this frequently on the
Sunday live sessions every every Sunday
live session in fact um and I won't stop
harping I because this is the way this
is the way that people can outgrow
what's happening today will you be able
to withstand what happened in 2020 again
so on top of what we
experienced I hope you
will you know I just want to share this
stuff with you guys okay um I'm not well
today but I'm still coming here still
bringing you what you need to
know because it's it's so important okay
um let me know what you think of this
video and I'll see you on the next one
take care